# OOP--Assignment
1st assignment from my OOP module from 2nd year, 2016 - 2017  This is Assignment is inspired from my favourit movie Alien, I have recreated some of the most iconic software form the movie as well as adding my own twist on certain aspects.

The bassis of my project is built in the concept of a helmet expiditionary team would ware if they were going to explore the crashed ship. Apart from Prometheus(which I wish I could forget) the concept of a expadition team is abcent from the orginal univeres. So I belive a helmet with this fuctions from the movie would be close to what the expaditionary team would where. 

I Started out by making the Wayland Corperation logo as they are the nearly the more evil then the alien itsself. I started this part of the assignment on the first mention of us doing a graphic user interface and I was glad that it fit the critirea. I went ahead and discovered PShape so I drew it out painstaking using points on the screen and movie varibles. However I am really proad on how it turned and luckly enough this made it find out accidentally that if I decrease the size of the scale of the object it would move to the top right cornor like I was planning to do.

The next implamation I went on to make was the icon motion tracker for the squal aliens. I enjoyed making this the most as I used very basic principles but in excution it looked extreamly simlar to the movie. I also incorperated sound into the radar so that the iconic beep would intenisify as the opject got closer to the center. One thing I would have loved to implament was a trail on the arc outwards but I still think the effect is still pritty sweet. I had alot of fun working with this part. I was thinking of implamenting a jumpscare when the distance got to 0 but I thought it would be a bit of a gimic and would not the fit the GUI sense, however I will leave a not here to implament into a futhure versioin. 

The next Implamention I introduced was the the climate calculator, which would tell the wearer the qontitity of certain elements. This I feel was a nessary implamentation because the expanditionary team could know if its safe to breath or can the planate sustain other forms of life.  

